the professor had meticulously planned
to take the police to toledo leaving
behind a detailed crime scene worthy of
an oscar
what was in his plans was having to
return to plant the prince of those that
the police had already identified
berlin rio and me
now our accomplices they expected to one
day receive one million euros in the
mail
you're coming with me
that was your father
we're doing it for him right
[Music]
what soldier is doing war what we do
with animals to stop them from suffering
not in hatred but as an act of
[Music]
compassion
i too did what i had to do
get out of the [ __ ] car
tell us about plan chernobyl or i'll
break your whole stash
son of a [ __ ]
[Music]
what the [ __ ] are you doing
i may be brainless but your plan to go
find your son is a sack of
[ __ ]
you're under arrest for assaulting a
police officer
don't move
it's okay don't worry
i think it's the beginning of a
wonderful friendship
[Music]
that's how it all began the beginning of
the end of the heist
the worst that can happen when you're in
charge of a hysteresis first getting
arrested for leaving the chief
inspector's ex-husband unconscious take
your fingerprints
and even worse they match the ones found
in a patrol car that's part of the
investigation
who is the professor
yes raquel oh thank god it's
it's all fun look i'm calling you from
the police station i've been arrested
they're accusing me of assaulting an on
duty agent your ex-husband to be
specific
what yes i'm handcuffed and they're
talking about a four-year sentence and
so on
wait uh uh what station are you at
[Music]
i'm gonna get out through the hole that
you guys have been digging no
we're gonna exit through a different
tunnel that leads directly into the
fault
[Music]
this man would like to file a complaint
for abusive authority file a report for
the injuries
it was a very bad idea to talk to the
hostages rio
it wasn't worth sacrificing myself for a
plan that had already failed the
professor's plan
and even more so since i thought he had
deceived me
sergio breaking news deputy inspector
angel rubio could emerge from his coma
he was kept in an induced coma after a
terrible car
accident it's it's time
you can go
[Music]
i want you to tell rio that as captain
of this ship i'll get tokyo out of jail
if it's the last thing i do no that's
more like it
yes sir
[Music]
we have released your colleagues who
made the choice of freedom
so no one was lied to here we've kept
our promise
he's entering the room
[Music]
so angel must have come pretty close to
the suspect it's possible to even talk
to the guy
hands up against the wall
hands up against the wall a man
who will kill you if he betrays us again
a man who will kill you if he ever tries
for his freedom again
you're under arrest for aiding and
coordinating the ongoing heist occurring
at the royal mint
you see you have the right to remain
silent the third time was the charm
i'm in love with you
[Music]
all right all right no no keep walking
i'm very sorry i said keep walking
no we have to cover
[Music]
all right then this is proof that i'm
telling the truth
you're gonna have to kill me
there was a shootout what happened
moscow is full of holes
three gunshots i've been identified
i don't know how long before the police
will show up here shall we do this
let's do it
come on let's go he's got a little pulse
too
he needs a transfusion get the plasma
moscow
go on oh negative
inspector she's being investigated for
possible collaboration in the heist
and obstruction of justice but surely
you already know all of that i mean
since you both share such a special bond
[Music]
you must have taken one of these streets
to get to where i was waiting
i'm sure one of the surveillance cameras
taped him going by here
[Music]
you just have to hold on a little longer
because we're nearly there
this child this child is going to need a
father
[Music]
984 million euros
stay there
[Music]
you only need to know that there are no
orders for any of those sons of [ __ ]
to come out alive
is that clear
you have to let me go talk to angel
if i don't go in 15 minutes he's going
to talk to the police
he'll tell them where you are can i
trust you
[Music]
why did they kick you off the case
because they think i'm part of the
robbery that's why
i love you i love you
just the address i don't remember it
how to remember a [ __ ] thing yeah
[Music]
what are you doing berlin someone has to
stay here in the trench now ruby
no yes they'll be here any second so
choose
your daughter or a man you've only known
for about a week
[Applause]
[Music]
i want the address now
33 alcantara street you wouldn't stick
around if things became ugly and they're
pretty ugly
[Music]
it's been one year since the heist at
the royal mint of spain
you can use mine
[Music]
you